Python应用方向：
    Web Development:
        You can use Python to creat web applications on many levels of complexity.
        There are many excellent Python web frameworks including, Pyramid, Django and Flask, to name a few.
        举例：google dropbox 豆瓣 知乎 果壳网 Minecraft youtube
    Data Analysis:
        Python is the leading language of choice for many data scientists.
        Python has grown in popularity within this field, due to its excellent libraries including NumPy and Pandas and its superb libraries for data visualization like Matplotlib and Seaborn.
    Machine Learning:
        What if you could predict customer satisfaction or analyze what factors will affect household pricing or to predict stocks over the next few days, based on previous years data?
        There are many wonderful libraries implementing machine learning algorithms such as Scikit-Learn, NLTK and TensorFlow.
    Computer Vision:
        You can do many interesting things such as Face detection, Color detection while using Opencv.
    Raspberry Pi:
        Raspberry Pi is a very tiny and affordable computer which was developed for education and has gained enormous popularity among hobbyistwith  do-it-yourself hardware and automation.
        You can even build a robot and automate your home.
        examples: 旋翼飞行器，遥控汽车，astro_pi
    Game Development:
        Create a video game using module Pygame.
        Basically, you use Python to write the logic of the game.
        PyGame application can run on Android devices.
    Web Scraping:
        If you need to grab data from a website but the site does not have an API to expose data, you can use Python to scraping data.
        爬虫是网站资料的初始来源。
    Writing Scripts:
        If you're doing something manually and want to automate repetitive stuff, such as emails, it's not difficult to automate once you know the basics of this language.
    GUI Development:
        Build a GUI application (desktop app) using Python modules Tkinter, PyQt to su.
    Browser Automation:
        Perform some neat things such as opening a browser and posting a Facebook status, you can do it with Selenium with Python.
        
    THE BLACK SWAN 
        黑天鹅效应：一只黑天鹅的结果，就是推翻前面一万只白天鹅的实证。一只黑天鹅的影响大于一万只白天鹅。
        火鸡对饲养员的预测

Python教育资源：
    AUTOMATE THE BORING STUFF WITH PYTHON （web文本教程 youtube, scratch programming, scratch中文少儿教程）
    视频：
        MITOPENCOURSEWARE ocw.mit.edu 
        coursera 南大ZHANG LI的教程用Python玩转数据 Data Processing Using Python
        学院派：mit 耐得住性子沉得住气
        实用派：newthinktank.com
    廖雪峰的官方网站
    Project Euler
    COREYMS  develop design DIY
    知乎：哪里能找到python的视频教程地址
    马哥
    网易云课堂

    路线：
        实用派路线出发建立兴趣——学院派路线系统学习高屋建瓴——按需学习精通深入

Python学习法门：
    学python和学数学一样，需要不断动手练习。
    从生活中发现烦恼的重复的耗时的痛点，解决问题的过程是提交能力最好的路径。

Python工具：
    pycharm
    youtube-dl
        pip install youtube-dl
        pip install --upgrade youtube-dl
        pip install -U youtube-dl
        youtube-dl -h
        youtube-dl --help
        youtube-dl 视频URL/视频播放列表URL
        youtube-dl --playlist-start NUMBER
        youtube-dl --playlist-end NUMBER
        youtube-dl --proxy 127.0.0.1:8087'URL'
        pip uninstall youtube-dl

    类似视频下载工具you-get

Python基础知识：
    pycharm配置：
        preference-->Editor-->Color Scheme-->Monokai
                        --> font 20
    pytcharm不需要说明字符类型
    
    Variable names start with a letter or _ and then can contain numbers

    Names are case sensitive so name is not the same as Name

    You can't use the following fo variable names:
        and del from not while as elif global
        or with assert else if pass yield break
        except import print class in raise try
        continue finally is return def for lambda
    
    Single line comments are ignored by the interpreter

    选择比努力更重要！！！

   
